Hw brussel (#10)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/brussels/tier2_hardware/hydra_hardware.rst

2        2x 8-core AMD 6134 (Magnycours)              64 GB  900 GB  QDR-IB   login nodes, will be phased out soon
11       2x 10-core INTEL E5-2680v2 (IvyBridge)      128 GB  900 GB  QDR-IB
20       2x 10-core INTEL E5-2680v2 (IvyBridge)      256 GB  900 GB  QDR-IB
6        2x 10-core INTEL E5-2680v2 (IvyBridge)      128 GB  900 GB  QDR-IB   2x Tesla K20x NVIDIA GPGPUs with 6Gb/node
27       2x 14-core INTEL E5-2680v4 (Broadwell)      256 GB    1 TB  10 Gbps
1        4x 10-core INTEL E7-8891v4 (Broadwell)      1.5 TB    4 TB  10 Gbps
4        2x 12-core INTEL E5-2650v4 (Broadwell)      256 GB    2 TB  10 Gbps  2x Tesla P100 NVIDIA GPGPUs with 16 Gb/node
1        2x 16-core INTEL E5-2683v4 (Broadwell)      512 GB    8 TB  10 Gbps  4x GeForce GTX 1080 Ti NVIDIA GPUs with 12 Gb/node
22       2x 20-core INTEL Xeon Gold 6148 (Skylake)   192 GB    1 TB  10 Gbps
28       2x 20-core INTEL Xeon Gold 6148 (Skylake)   192 GB    1 TB  EDR-IB
=======  ==========================================  ======  ======  =======  ==================================================

Access restrictions
-------------------

> Access ia available for faculty, students (master's projects under faculty

Reviewer: Typo: "Access is available" 
Probably I would say "for faculty members,"

> Access ia available for faculty, students (master's projects under faculty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access is available for faculty members, students (master's projects under faculty
```

supervision), and researchers of the VUB, as well as VSC users of other Flemish universities.

The cluster is integrated in the VSC network and runs the standard VSC software setup.

Jobs can have a maximal execution wall time of 5 days (120 hours).

Login infrastructure
--------------------

Users with a VSC account (VSC-ID) can connect to Hydra via one of the following hostnames:

* <VSC-ID>@login.hpc.vub.ac.be

> * <VSC-ID>@hydra.vub.ac.be

Reviewer 2: drop this one. Only `login.hpc.vub.ac.be` should be used.
